so high math riddles are a fun way to
train your brain they combine mind
sharpening math and puzzles that develop
analytical thinking be very attentive
just one slip and you lose remember to
keep track of your correct answers to
check yourself at the end look at the
picture attentively and try to figure
out which numbers should be there
instead of the question mark it should
be four that's the number of
intersections and how fast will you find
the answer to this riddle it equals four
cat equals six time equals eight hippo
equals ten cheetah equals what
[Music]
the correct answer is 14 each letter
equals 2 how can you get from 98 to 720
by using just one letter add the letter
X between 90 and 8
you'll get 90 times eight equals 720 can
you find the pattern and figure out the
answer to this equation 4 plus 2 equals
26 8 plus 1 equals 79 6 plus 5 equals
111 7 plus 3 equals
four plus two equals twenty six since
four minus two equals two and four plus
two equals six 8 minus 1 is 7 and 8 plus
1 equals 9 and so on 7 minus 3 equals 4
and 7 plus 3 equals 10
it means the answer will be 410 a parrot
got $9 a spider received $36 and a be
$27
how much money will a cat get meow 18
bucks four and a half dollars for each
leg a hen and a half lay an egg and a
half in a day and a half how many eggs
will a half a dozen hens lay and a half
a dozen days
[Music]
24:00 if there are 4 times more hens and
they have four times more days they will
lay 16 times more eggs
16 times one and a half equals 24 eggs
now what usually happens with plants in
math classrooms
[Music]
they grow square roots how can you write
eleven thousand eleven hundred and
eleven in digits
it'll be 1 2 1 1 1 11,000 plus 1100 plus
11 equals 12,000 111 now I'm four times
as old as my son now in 20 years I'll be
twice as old as him how old are we now
[Music]
I'm 40 and my son is Ted a baby giraffe
doubled in height every month until it
reached its dad size it took ten months
how many months did it take the baby
giraffe to grow half its current size
[Music]
nine months because the animal doubled
in height every next month I'm a
three-digit number
my second digit is four times as big as
the first one and the third digit is 3
less than the second what number am I
[Music]
I'm 141 the whole positive numbers have
a two-digit answer when added and a one
digit answer when multiplied what are
these numbers
[Music]
there one and nine which vehicle do you
need to add to make the scale balanced a
carriage a carriage equals to a car
equals three and a bus equals six
what did one math book tell another
[Music]
I have so many problems add me to myself
and multiply by four then divide me by
eight and you'll have me once again what
number am i huh I can be any number try
it out can you guess what this Rivas
means
the answer is I overate you have an
equation made of matchsticks six plus
four equals four move just one
matchstick to make it true you'll need
to take one you'll need to take one
matchstick from the plus sign and add it
to six so that it makes eight then
you'll have eight minus four equals four
I'll give you three clues and your task
is to find a four digit number its first
digit is useless the second and fourth
digits are the mirror images of each
other and the third digit is half the
second
this number is zero eight four eight
zero is the number of no use eight
mirrors each other and four is half of
eight look at this equation 81 times
nine equals eight hundred one what can
you do to make this equation correct
turn it upside down 108 equals 6 times
18 divide 30 by 1/2 and add 10 what will
be the result it's 70 most people count
like this 30 divided by 2 plus 10 equals
25 but when you divide some number by
fraction you actually have to multiply
it by the inverted fraction so 30 times
2 plus 10 equals 70 horses and people
are gathered in a stable you know that
in total there are 72 legs and 22 heads
how many horses and how many people are
there in the stable
[Music]
there are 14 horses and eight men 14
plus 8 equals 22 heads
14 times 4 and 8 times 2 equals 72 legs
write down eight eighths so that they
add up to one thousand eight eight eight
plus eight eight plus eight plus eight
plus eight equals one thousand my
daughter is five times as old as my son
my wife is five times as old as my
daughter I'm twice as old as my wife and
my grandfather who celebrated his 81st
birthday yesterday is as old as all of
us together
how old is my daughter
she's five
look at this numerical series and figure
out its logic and the next number two
five eight fourteen twenty three
[Music]
the next number will be 38 every time
you increase the sum of the previous
numbers by one a circle has to a point
has zero and a sphere has three what am
I talking about
[Music]
dimensions
try to understand the logic used in the
following question and figure out what
number can replace the question mark
[Music]
the correct answer is for 12 plus 13
plus 7 equals 32 3 minus 2 equal 1 15
plus 16 plus 11 equals 42 4 minus 2
equals 2 17 plus 18 plus 16 equals 51 so
5 minus 1 equals 4 how can you take 2
from 5 so that it leaves 4 write down
the word 5 first now remove the F and E
and you get the Roman numeral IV how
much will a 50 degree angle measure if
you look at it through a microscope that
magnifies 5 times the angle won't change
it'll still be 50 degrees 1 is 2 3 as 3
is 2 5 & 5 is 2 4 can you figure out the
pattern
[Music]
the word one has three letters the word
three has five and the word five
consists of four letters an ant is two
inches away from its home with every
next step it covers half the distance to
the entrance how many steps will it take
the insect to reach its destination the
ant will never reach the door because
every time it'll travel only half the
distance and now try to crack the
toughest one 11 times 11 equals 4 22
times 22 equals 16 33 times 33 equals 1
[Music]
the correct answer is 36 11 times 11
turns into 1 plus 1 times 1 plus 1
equals 4 22 times 22 turns into 2 plus 2
times 2 plus 2 equals 16 33 times 33
turns into 3 plus 3 times 3 plus 3
equals 36 so let's see how good your
math skills are if you solve 0 to 10
riddles you probably didn't pay much
attention to math at school you can
start with the easiest puzzles and try
to crack at least one a day soon you'll
see the results do you have 11 to 24
correct answers
not bad you're likely to use math now
and then in your everyday life do you
know what can make you even better
yeah practice if your score is 25 to 31
solve riddles Congrats
you must be some math genius but don't
stop practicing or your skills will get
rusty like Jack Black said in school of
rakh get off your ass and do some math
[Music]